Right so array Max and Jason different so quite a lot stuff going on here.
What were our objective here is we basically want to get the absolute using the absolute difference
of any two adjacent elements.
Your hints for this one is to use Map thought ABS which is absolute and so essentially if you minus
two from four we get native to you minus one from four we get three and then zero for one we get one
to three would be the absolute maximum difference that we can get from this from a one dimensional array.
Let's go and jump right into it.
All right so this one is pretty straightforward.
What we're going to do is we're going to create a variable that's going to be initialized to the absolute
difference of the zero index and the one index.
And then we're going to iterate through a for loop that is going to be offset by Once we get started
at one set of 0 and then from there.
Well we're going to do is we're just going to check the absolute difference between the next two values.
And if they're greater than our current max difference and set it we're finally going to go ahead and
turn the max.
The max difference let's jump into it.
So as I mentioned we're going to start what I named it Max defect.
OK variable name.
When I say math but ABS this is going to be the first value minus the second value.
In this case and put you on actually.
And at the end of here we're going to return Max diff.
Very nice.
Now before we do that we have to iterate through a for loop to see if we need to reset it which you
probably will.
And when you say well it is larger than the point you're a plus plus X right now we're going to create
a value here.
You don't have to.
But I think this this is one of those variables where we're reducing this or checking the value.
This variable here is for readability and that's ok.
I say math that ABS and say in input re minus 1 index minus 1 minus and put array.
So now that we have that we just need a simple check here.
Is this like if our absolute difference.
So we say absolute give is greater than our max.
If you wanna go ahead and set that here x is equal to 2.
And also you know.
So we solve this but I like turn usually if I'm doing a simple check like this I would prefer a turn
Harry.
That's just my personal opinion.
And so what we can do here is we can go ahead and eliminate that when you do something like Max def
is equal to absolute if greater than max if we want to do on or turn absolute if we just want to reset
it back to Max diff and there we go a little bit cleaner.
I think want to work.
You could argue that this is less clean as well.
That this is just my personal preference is what I'm trying to say.